and then guys youtube all right
you
It's good to go back and show you one
joystick here to connect to your
cell phone
where I 've been and very very practical comes
you who are not aware are
buying psp that is very expensive I do not know
but broke a branch will make the macacada
bank or I'm going through the links on
description of the video in the material that the defendant
of huse by that control hague said
that the android cell phone like mine or
go how are you going to play in
your device with some applications from the
company on the link too and good guys here
was very hurt it was like the movie
more here I'll post on youtube posted
one that you see as takagui
dating with ends up leaving the room
now it's even better for you
It is the head still this aggression already
select bread and ready
the fuck is this shit and ready and good
to install here connect the panda you
can you give in the huambo henrique bus?
Fogaça with this set here will stay
crazy is going to be connected to quito pyre name
Who does it but who might want guys?
back to provide a link from there
that I let him know this control
here usb
I need only adapter of course not
to another place in the cell phone and connection
USB tablet adapter will pick up
cap and then guys this is it was over
a video showing here as poor poor
not like the Brazilian is the animal and
pdf file and good, that's what she said
who liked the jewelry that in August goes
take it and that's what it said